# The Modest Land Finished and Unfinished Scripts
##### Use at your own risk, maybe buggy or unfinished.
---
# A bit of information
 - This uses CouchDB
 - A lot of the scripts work with each other.
---
# Official Update
The past few months have been a crazy time for everyone; Whether that means with work, family, health, or whatever, everyones had things going on outside of GTA RP.  During this time a lot of the hype around GTA RP in general has died down and people have lost a lot of interest in it.  That being said I myself along with many other staff members and community members have lost that same interest.  There is many ways to be a leader but to be a leader you have to lead something with interest, If you don't have interest in the product then naturally you will care less about the final product.  With that in mind we're going to be stopping the development of our GTA RP server.  Just because we're stopping with GTA RP doesn't mean that we're going to disband as a community.  Our discord is going to get reorganized to be laid out to be more of a community rather than GTA RP oriented. A place where friends, familys, viewers, and supporters can all come together, communicate, hangout, and play games together.  No one planned for this transition it's just something that happened.  At one point GTA RP had the hearts of us all.  We don't want to the support and the work from the last few months to go to waste though; So we're going to be releasing all of our finished and unfinished scripts so if you are among the people who are still interested in GTA RP you have the option to work with our scripts to use them for your own with no credit needed.